all right we're here finally we have our
car which is of course a Dodge Charger
that's right
as always we write style when we go to
these things and the special dragon
walls I need to know about here I don't
think you can go on bread right on red
no you can't go wrong we can't drive
through red wine road I honestly do not
know where I'm from you can't so I'm
just gonna do it just do it and be like
what are you talking about the law of
the land says that you can go right on
right it's bullshit so we were in LA
right now we just got off the plane we
are at the car rental place we just left
gas prices are higher out here the mare
in Connecticut okay it's like 420 Wow
that's why I prepaid the gas it was they
said it's 405 is there right so uh she's
also a major interview though so I might
be cheaper elsewhere maybe that's a good
point
so we'll be heading to our hotel in
Hollywood California the weather is
quite nice today by the way quite nice
it's about 68 70 degrees no humidity out
really soon or something what done he's
an older charge it looks like he's an
asshole fucking idiot oh shit I got this
shit myself already open that shit up
we're gonna have a sleep so it's about
my ankle but you know I hear yeah I got
like five six hours sleep
pure headed though fucking yeah you're
the drive down to my place that's the
worst man drive two hours to sit on
remember anything about the conscious
surround our way she will syndicate
Boulevard
what La Cienega Boulevard nigga you know
everyone that lives on the streets gonna
be so insulted that you said that fuckin
rainbow alright beautiful day so we can
see here today there's still more the
airport than anything else Airport area
yes unless Technical College Armenian
auto body shop why it matters that it's
an Armenian auto body shop I have no
clue a whole lot of Armenian cars yes
all varieties of Armenians so I get the
hell out of this area
sirs when we get there around 4:30 it's
4:08 right now it's good of course keep
in mind this is La so probably nothing
good right now yeah Inglewood big bridge
that that was a South Inglewood
something according to this we're
veering right okay polo good pool moco
el loco that's one of the big chains
Mexican please let me know um del taco
is the big I'll be like good well it's
like a fast food is like a Taco Bell
yeah that's looking for like a me know
okay we want we want the quality stuff
when I was here in 2002 I ate at Del
Taco like every single day
now you're straight straight news right
there's jack-in-the-box another West
Coast chain I want to check that out
while we're out here
I already got recommendation from people
on the power grid about where it is
that's the powers III and everything
else in Hollywood in LA
you destroyed you three misplay pulling
a home applause oh we we got word from
two people at in the shuttle to the car
rental that in-and-out burger is the
best burger place it sounds familiar
Vegas I don't know what they have in
Vegas look at what to order I know if I
have it's been 100 years since I had it
anyway yes meters I don't know meters I
know what is the metric system hi this
is fucking America but is this bullshit
I never thought that polish cool I
wasn't taught that in friggin private
school didn't miss out on anything about
Jesus that's right I had to know all the
reported measurements and the hilarious
sexual classes that we had to attend
we're fucking great I was hopefully
three yeah all right so we're heading
over and uh I think we're probably gonna
end up jumping on I'll meet a highway
soon I would so uh all right we'll be
back when we were in Hollywood I think
that'll be cool thing to see all right